1. (Utilities account-validation.js, details.ejs and registration.ejs Views) 
    The registration form now asks the user to type their password twice when creating an account as an additional layer of confirmation for password selection.
    Both password entries are passed through client-side and server-side validation.

2. (Utilities account-validation.js, Account Controller, details.ejs View, Account Model query) 
    The user must provide their current password in order to change to a new one or to change their information.

3. (Account Controller, account.ejs and delet-own.ejs Views, Account Model delete, Account Router)
    Users can now delete their accounts from the Account Management view.
    The "Delete Account" button redirects to a Delete Confirmation View where the account info is displayed.
    Failure redirects to the Account Management view.
    Success redirects to the Login view.

4. (Utilities account-validation.js) Data validation allows the user to submit an existing email IF that existing email is the one related to their account.
    This is cheked using the account_id from the body.
    This allows the user to change only their name without having to change their email every single time if so they wish to do.

5. (Database data type, Utilities index.js, account.ejs View, Account Router) Added a new account type value in the enum selection of the database. The Owner account should have
    the same or higher level of access than the admin and employee account. 
    The appropriate changes to allow access to this new account type have been made.
    The credentials for the Owner account type are present in the accountRoute.js file.

6. (Utilities index.js, Account Controller, account.ejs View) The account type verification process now retrieves the accoun type directly from the database when determining 
    authorization, instead of retrieving it from a JWT. 
    This fixes a vulnerability where a logged-in user whose credentials are changed mid-session could still have access to 
    admin functions. 
    This also allows credential changes take immediate effect, even when mid-session.

7. (Utilities index.js, account.ejs View, Account Router delete POST and GET routes) Restricted the ability of corporate accounts (employee, admin, owner) to be deleted on their own.
    This ensures the integrity of the corporate authority flow.
    Access to both the GET and POST delete routes have been blocked.
    In a future update, only higher level corporate accounts can delete lower level corporate accounts.
    In the past, I've seen how giving too much access to employees over their corporate accounts can create a disaster in logistics.

New views
- account/delete-own.ejs

New Controller Functions:
- accountController.deleteOwnCofirmationView()
- accountController.deleteOwnAccount()

New Routes
- GET account/delete
- POST account/delete

New Utility Functions
- validate.deleteOwnRules()
- validate.checkDeleteOwnData()
- Util.checkNonCorporate()

New Model Functions
- accountModel.deleteAccountById()

New Database Data type
- account_type: Owner

Several modifications.

✓ Database Interaction (query existing table, delete table entries)
✓ Model (new model functions)
✓ Controller (add additional behavior to exisitng controller)
✓ View (add additional behavior to existing views)
✓ Best Practices (MVC model is followed, SQL prepared statements, data validation, all routes use error handling middleware, JWS authentication and authorization)